c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\bin\Debug\SoftwareMajor.exe.config
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\bin\Debug\SoftwareMajor.exe
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\bin\Debug\SoftwareMajor.pdb
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\bin\Debug\SoftwareMajor.xml
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor.g.resources
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor.Resources.resources
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor.exe
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor.xml
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor.pdb
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\Addstudents.g.vb
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\bin\Debug\MICSdb.accdb
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\ViewStudents.g.vb
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor_Content.g.vb
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\Addstudents.baml
c:\users\jarod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\ViewStudents.baml
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\bin\Debug\SoftwareMajor.exe.config
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor.exe
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor.xml
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor.pdb
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\Addstudents.g.vb
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\ViewStudents.g.vb
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor_Content.g.vb
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\bin\Debug\MICSdb.accdb
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\bin\Debug\SoftwareMajor.exe
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\bin\Debug\SoftwareMajor.pdb
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\bin\Debug\SoftwareMajor.xml
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\Addstudents.baml
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\ViewStudents.baml
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor.g.resources
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jarod\Desktop\SoftwareMajor\SoftwareMajor\obj\Debug\SoftwareMajor.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
